README.md, before:

# Capistrano::Rails

Rails specific tasks for Capistrano v3:

  - `cap deploy:migrate`
  - `cap deploy:compile_assets`

Some rails specific options.

```ruby
set :rails_env, 'staging'       # If the environment differs from the stage name
set :migration_role, 'migrator' # Defaults to 'db'
```

If you need to touch `public/images`, `public/javascripts` and `public/stylesheets` on each deploy:

```ruby
set :normalize_asset_timestamps, %{public/images public/javascripts public/stylesheets}
```

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

    gem 'capistrano',  '~> 3.0.0'
    gem 'capistrano-rails'

## Usage

Require everything (bundler, rails/assets and rails/migrations)

    # Capfile
    require 'capistrano/rails'

Or require just what you need manually:

    # Capfile
    require 'capistrano/bundler' # Rails needs Bundler, right?
    require 'capistrano/rails/assets'
    require 'capistrano/rails/migrations'

## Contributing

1. Fork it
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
5. Create new Pull Request

Commit message:

Support for repositories where the rails app is not in the root

README.md, after:

# Capistrano::Rails

Rails specific tasks for Capistrano v3:

  - `cap deploy:migrate`
  - `cap deploy:compile_assets`

Some rails specific options.

```ruby
set :rails_env, 'staging'       # If the environment differs from the stage name
set :migration_role, 'migrator' # Defaults to 'db'
set :rails_folder, 'rails'      # If your rails app is in a subfolder. Defaults assumes rails app is in the root of your repo
```

If you need to touch `public/images`, `public/javascripts` and `public/stylesheets` on each deploy:

```ruby
set :normalize_asset_timestamps, %{public/images public/javascripts public/stylesheets}
```

## Installation

Add this line to your application's Gemfile:

    gem 'capistrano',  '~> 3.0.0'
    gem 'capistrano-rails'

## Usage

Require everything (bundler, rails/assets and rails/migrations)

    # Capfile
    require 'capistrano/rails'

Or require just what you need manually:

    # Capfile
    require 'capistrano/bundler' # Rails needs Bundler, right?
    require 'capistrano/rails/assets'
    require 'capistrano/rails/migrations'

## Contributing

1. Fork it
2. Create your feature branch (`git checkout -b my-new-feature`)
3. Commit your changes (`git commit -am 'Add some feature'`)
4. Push to the branch (`git push origin my-new-feature`)
5. Create new Pull Request
